{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green91\blue96;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green22\blue24;
\red9\green78\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c43137\c43137\c45098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c11373\c11373\c12157;
\cssrgb\c0\c40000\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PRESS RELEASE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 July 15, 2011\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs96 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 FY 11 Third Quarter Results Conference Call\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs34 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 WHAT
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 : Apple\'ae FY 11 Third Quarter Results Conference Call\cb1 \

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 WHERE
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 : Via conference call. The dial-in number for press is (888) 505-4388 (toll-free) or (719) 325-2433. Please enter confirmation code 365611.\cb1 \

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 WHEN
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 : Tuesday, July 19, 2011, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT\cb1 \

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 REBROADCAST
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 : The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 19 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 2 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 9915940.\cb1 \

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 WEBCAST
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 : Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 11 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple\'92s industry-leading QuickTime\'ae multimedia software. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 19, 2011 at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq311"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq311}}\'a0and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. The webcast is available on any iPhone\'ae, iPad\'ae, iPod touch\'ae or any Mac\'ae or PC running QuickTime 6 or QuickTime 7. QuickTime 7 is available from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/quicktime"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 www.apple.com/quicktime}}.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This recording is the property of Apple and protected by U.S. copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions.\cb1 \
\cb3 Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and has recently introduced iPad 2 which is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 Press Contacts
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Steve Dowling\cb1 \
\cb3 Apple\cb1 \
\cb3 (408) 974-1896\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 dowling@apple.com\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Kristin Huguet\cb1 \
\cb3 Apple\cb1 \
\cb3 (408) 974-2414\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 khuguet@apple.com\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, QuickTime, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.\cb1 \
}