{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red54\green53\blue53;\red30\green63\blue110;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red54\green53\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green33\blue33;\red116\green138\blue34;
\red36\green36\blue36;\red165\green164\blue164;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27451\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c14902\c32157\c50588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c27451\c27059\c27059\c60000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c94902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c17647\c17255\c17255;\cssrgb\c52549\c60000\c17647;
\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c70588\c70196\c70196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TidBITS\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs18 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Thoughtful, detailed coverage of everything Apple for 32 years\
and the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcn.tidbits.com/apple-pros/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 TidBITS Content Network}}\'a0for Apple professionals\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 ENTER SEARCH\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/login/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs18 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec2 LOG IN}}\cf0 \cb6 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf0 Username or Email Address\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf0 \cb6 Password\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs18 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 LOG IN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/wp/wp-login.php?action=lostpassword"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b0\fs21\fsmilli10800 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \cb6 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Forgot password?}}
\f0\b0\fs21\fsmilli10800 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \cb1 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs18 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 WEEKLY ISSUES\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \strokec7 \
\ls1\ilvl0\AppleTypeServices \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://talk.tidbits.com/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 TIDBITS TALK}}\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\ls1\ilvl0\AppleTypeServices \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 MEMBERSHIP\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \strokec7 \
\ls1\ilvl0\AppleTypeServices \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 GET TIDBITS\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \strokec7 \
\ls1\ilvl0\AppleTypeServices \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 CATEGORIES\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/author/david-rabinowitz/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs15\fsmilli7800 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb9 \strokec4 DAVID RABINOWITZ}}
\f0\b0\fs40 \AppleTypeServices \cf10 \cb4 \strokec10 \'a0
\fs21\fsmilli10800 6 May 2013\'a0
\f1\b\fs18 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 LISTEN\'a0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf11 \cb1 \strokec11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/2013/05/06/digging-into-apples-financial-decisions/#discussion"}}{\fldrslt \cf11 \cb4 4 comments}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf10 \cb4 \strokec10 Digging into Apple\'92s Financial Decisions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf10 \cb4 SHARE\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs40 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:?subject=%5BShared%20Post%5D%20Digging%20into%20Apple%E2%80%99s%20Financial%20Decisions&body=https%3A%2F%2Ftidbits.com%2F2013%2F05%2F06%2Fdigging-into-apples-financial-decisions%2F&share=email&nb=1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Email}}\cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/2013/05/06/digging-into-apples-financial-decisions/?share=reddit&nb=1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reddit}}\cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/2013/05/06/digging-into-apples-financial-decisions/?share=twitter&nb=1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Twitter}}\cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/2013/05/06/digging-into-apples-financial-decisions/?share=facebook&nb=1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Facebook}}\cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb4 Apple has always come off as frugal, with the amount of money it has squirreled away in cash and short-term investments nearly doubling since July 2011, to $144.7 billion. As such, it was surprising enough last year when Apple announced a $10 billion stock repurchase plan and quarterly dividend (see \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/article/12875"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Apple to Pay Quarterly Dividends and Repurchase Stock}},\'94 19 March 2012). Even more shocking was the recent announcement that the company would increase the buyback amount to $60 billion and increase the dividend by 15 percent.\cb1 \
\cb4 These decisions mark the beginning of a new financial strategy that has Apple spending cash in unprecedented volumes. Or not. At least not precisely. It turns out that Apple is not using its own cash to buy back these shares over the next two years, but is instead borrowing the money. Why would a company with nearly $145 billion in the bank need a loan? And why is Apple suddenly starting to dip into its cash hoard now? Apart from the little-known fact that the company money pit is in fact full, it seems that Apple wants to return money to its shareholders, as inexpensively as possible.\cb1 \
\cb4 To put this story in context (see \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tidbits.com/article/13712"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Apple Q2 2013 Results Show Higher Revenues, Lower Profits}},\'94 23 April 2013), Apple reported\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/pr/library/2013/04/23Apple-Reports-Second-Quarter-Results.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 second quarter earnings}}\'a0for 2013 two weeks ago. The company beat Wall Street expectations slightly but had a year-over-year decline in profit for the first time in a decade. Other key metrics, like earnings per share and gross margin, also fell, and Apple issued guidance for the third quarter that was below most analysts\'92 expectations. While all of this may sound bad, Apple is still making huge sums of money \'97 $43.6 billion in revenue and $9.5 billion in profit\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 in just the second quarter of this year. The worry is that Apple may be moving from being a growth stock to becoming a value stock, whose shareholders derive most of their gain from regular dividends. Instead of a potential jackpot, investors may now be seeing Apple as a slower moving, long-term investment.\cb1 \
\cb4 In that earnings call two weeks ago,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thenextweb.com/apple/2013/04/23/apple-increases-buyback-to-60-billion-and-quarterly-dividend-to-15/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Tim Cook announced}}\'a0that Apple is going to start putting its money to work in two major ways. First, the company is increasing its stock buyback program by $50 billion, from $10 billion to $60 billion. Second, Apple\'92s quarterly dividend will increase by 15 percent, to $3.05 per share. Cook\'92s goal is to return $100 billion to investors by 2016. That may sound like a lot of money, but the recent fall of Apple\'92s stock price, from a high of just over $700 to its current spot around $460, erased over $200 billion in market capitalization. And, of course, Apple anticipates making\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 plenty more money during that time.\cb1 \
\cb4 Buybacks and dividends are a new direction for Apple. This move would have been almost inconceivable until last year, given that Apple\'92s most recent dividend was distributed in 1995. And despite\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cnbc.com/id/46540227"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 advice from legendary investor Warren Buffett}}, Steve Jobs had resisted a buyback several years ago, when Apple\'92s stock price was in the $200s.\cb1 \
\cb4 Most interesting about this decision is that Apple will be borrowing money to fund all of these endeavors, despite having around $145 billion in the bank. This makes sense once you look below the surface of that very large number. Since about $100 billion of Apple\'92s cash is offshore, repatriating it for use in the buyback would impose substantial tax burdens.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.marketplace.org/topics/business/why-apple-cash-rich-and-debt-free-going-borrow-money"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Experts estimate}}\'a0that Apple might have to pay between 10 to 30 percent more in taxes if the company was to bring the money back into the United States. According to bond rating service Moody\'92s,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://9to5mac.com/2013/05/03/apples-debt-strategy-saves-9-2b-in-taxes-plus-100m-a-year-in-interest-deductions/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Apple will save $9.2 billion}}\'a0by not repatriating its offshore cash, which would be taxed at 35 percent, and the $100 million a year of interest it will pay on the bonds is tax-deductible. So last week, Apple made the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/30/us-apple-debt-idUSBRE93T10B20130430"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 biggest non-bank bond deal ever}}\'a0by issuing $17 billion of bonds, and even then the supply apparently wasn\'92t sufficient to meet demand.\cb1 \
\cb4 Taking out a loan to buy back shares has two notable advantages. The first and most obvious is that buying back shares reduces the amount in dividends the company must pay, an amount that would be even higher now that Apple is raising its dividend. The second, less obvious reason, is that the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/what-apples-stock-buyback-shows-about-corporate-tax-games/2013/04/25/bcd6dc9a-adea-11e2-8bf6-e70cb6ae066e_story.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 interest on the loan is tax-deductible}}. In essence, by borrowing the money, Apple has figured out how to get the best of both worlds. It reduces its dividend liability by buying back shares and gets to deduct interest on the loan it is taking to finance the buyback.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Presumably, Apple also believes it can earn more on its cash than it\'92s paying on the bonds.\cb1 \
\cb4 Buying back shares also helps Apple employees. Apple has an\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Apple_(AAPL)/Employee_Stock_Purchase_Plan"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Employee Stock Purchase Plan}}\'a0that, up until a few months ago, appeared to be an investment with a high return. The program allows employees to use up to 10 percent of their salary (with a maximum of $25,000) per year to buy shares of AAPL at a 15 percent discount.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://zingfin.quora.com/Why-do-Many-Companies-Buy-Back-Shares"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Among other benefits}}, share buybacks are considered a tax-efficient way to return money to investors, whether employees, other individuals, or institutions, because dividends are taxable. When Apple first announced the stock repurchase program last year,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 Horace Dediu, the founder of Asymco, crunched the numbers and determined that \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asymco.com/2012/03/20/tim-cooks-latest-promise-to-apples-employees/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Apple will continue to offer shares as compensation and will do so in a ratio of 1:4 of wages}}.\'94 The Employee Stock Purchase Plan and grants of stock options are a big incentive to employees, especially for a company like Apple, and by increasing the earnings per share and signifying that the company believes it is undervalued, buying back shares can increase the stock price, benefitting employees and long-term shareholders.\cb1 \
\cb4 Apple has sat on its cash for years, so why change now? Apple has offered no official explanation, but a number of issues may have prompted these recent decisions. The company\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/02/08/apple-has-137-billion-in-cash-shareholders-aren-t-pleased.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 faced a lawsuit}}\'a0from activist investor and hedge-fund manager David Einhorn, who was unhappy that the company was holding so much cash. It\'92s possible that, by buying back shares, Apple can reduce its vulnerability to the whims of large shareholders. Also, when Apple\'92s stock price was rising, investors had little to complain about, since they were seeing such a substantial return on their investments. If Apple anticipates that its share\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 price may no longer be able to turn in such consistent increases, shifting to more of a value-stock approach may make the company look better on paper (with increases in earnings per share and return on equity, in particular) and appease Wall Street.\cb1 \
\cb4 At Apple\'92s scale, the company cannot focus solely on product engineering, but must also engage in deliberate financial engineering. Until recently, that money management could take place largely behind the scenes (as evidenced by Apple carefully maintaining overseas profits in those countries, rather than suffering the tax burden of repatriating that money). But if Apple\'92s growth is indeed slowing, as it inevitably must at some point, public moves like this massive share repurchase and increased dividend should help keep Wall Street happy.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seekingalpha.com/article/1375571-apple-exits-the-steve-jobs-era-bets-on-engineering-of-the-financial-kind"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Some argue}}\'a0that this may presage a leveling off in technological\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 innovation as well, pointing to the share price and technology stagnation suffered by Microsoft after a similar move. That then is Apple\'92s challenge \'97 to buck expectations and act like a fast-growing firm at the product level while maintaining the solid financial behavior of a corporate titan.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf10 \
}